well howdy there Internet people its
Bella again so today we're gonna talk
about a really weird stunt going on on
YouTube you might have seen something
about it there's a guy he's like 21
years old
most of his channel is just stupid
stunts okay
stuff like we bought a boat last person
to keep their hand on it gets to keep
the boat that type of thing it's more or
less mindless stuff so when somebody was
like hey you know mr. beast has got this
thing going on and you want to get
involved in it I'm like yes sure I do
well it's 20 million dollars well that
doesn't really seem like something I'm
they're gonna plant 20 million trees you
have my attention
so he's partnered up with the Arbor Day
Foundation $1.00 what was one tree so
they got to raise 20 million dollars
it's been going on for about two days
and they've already raised about five
pretty cool Arbor Day Foundation if you
don't know they've been around like 50
years they've been doing this a very
very long time your donation to them
would be tax-deductible in most cases
talk to your accountant I'll put the
link down below so basically the idea is
between now and December of 2022 I think
they're going to plant 20 million trees
all over the country and they're gonna
plant native species which is what they
should be doing and everything from
everything I've seen it's perfect it is
perfect so I'm definitely kind of
jumping on team trees here I would also
like to take a moment to remind
everybody that yeah donating is very
easy dollar five dollars twenty dollars
whatever puts tree in the ground I would
also suggest you do it in your yard and
I would suggest you do a native fruit
tree and if you can convince other
people in your neighborhood to do it one
it helps with food security
- it lowers everybody's grocery bill and
three it helps create that community
spirit that we always talk about this is
engineered to have an impact and reduce
reduce some environmental factors and
it's it looks like it's been done really
really well there have been a lot of
people involved in that there's a whole
bunch of videos out there on it that are
gonna be far more entertaining with the
than this everything from seed cannons
to drones of doing it all kinds of stuff
so it's kind of taking over YouTube but
for once it's not a stupid challenge
it's actually going to create some
meaningful impact 20 million trees there
their infographics about it it's it will
have a substantial impact so anyway
there you go definitely consider
throwing a dollar or two their way
anyway it's just a fault y'all have a
good night